The files in this directory contain fragments of the configuration files
that are installed by the setup script in the src/, and bld/ directories.

Files in the make/config directory contain source files and source file
fragments for files that are installed by the pscfpp/setup script. These
include files that contain fragments of the main config.mk configuration 
file that are installed in the bld/ and src/ directories and copies of 
namespace level config.mk files that are installed in the util/, pscf/,
fd1d/, pspc/ and pspg/ namespace level subdirectories of each build
directory. Users should generally not modify files in this directory.

The make/compiler directory contains a set of compiler configuration files
that each contain a set of makefile definitions appropriate to a particular
combination of compiler and operating system environment. The setup script
incorporates the contents of one of these files into the main config.mk 
file in each build directory (i.e., in bld/ and src/). The default file 
"make/compiler/default" is the setup script is called with no argument.
The name of a different file in the make compiler directory can be passed 
to the setup script as a command line argument. For example, one would 
invoke "./setup homebrew-m1" to use the definitions given in a file 
make/compiler/homebrew-m1, which are for a Mac with the homebrew package 
manager and an apple silicon cpu. 

Users may create new files in the make/compiler directory to save 
specialized settings required to compile in their own environment. Such a 
file can be created by making a copy of one of the existing files (e.g., 
make/compiler/default or make/compiler/homebrew-m1) and then modifying 
values of makefile variables that specify paths or compiler options. For 
example, a user could create a file named make/compiler/local, and then 
use during setup by invoking "./setup local" from the pscfpp/ root
directory.  Files created by users in the make/compiler directory are
not erased when "make clean" or "make veryclean" is invoked from the
root pscfpp/ directory.
